But we can block him  
Applied for conduct certificate@PMO office.Did you...?
I blocked, did you? 
 captain of Prince Rahul's uthbrigade,Udon'tworry aboutbhakts,u shud focus on hw prince isgoin2deliver onAI 
And in a day   resulted in 100k incremental followers
change in tone to hide the failure of  
Still finding it very funny to read the reasons behind  tweets. Some people are just sheep who have lost it
The latest It's just news -!   
      is trending on Twitter for all the right reasons: 'PM following someone is not a…
GDP growth decreased because of us 
Man jailed for 'kill every Muslim' Facebook post following Manchester bombing  
 my Contribution 
He is the most concerned, PM of a country and leader of Hindu extremists who killed 
  patronisation of trolls by our leader is not acceptable. 
 my contribution 
Can anyone have control over the contents posted by someone (who u follow) ??  is just an utterly disgusting Twitter stunt
 : PM following Twitter trolls abusing Gauri Lankesh prompts hashtag in protest 
Block him and criticize him 
We Need Peaceful INDIA.
I would argue...Don't . Watch what he says and point out his lies. 
Where are those Congress crooks who were trending  yesterday. Why are they silent/mum on this? Hypocrites!! 
What goes up must come down..!!  
After  trends, his followers on Twitter shoot up  via 
East-India Company looted India's money n given it to Britishers,  is giving it to Adani, Ambani n Ramdev
So finally a lunatic could identify her own lunacy!!! 
A true worth of a true terrorists    learn to praise Pak where your have freedom of Speech
UNESCO not yet awarded the most blocked PM award to Modiji? My WhatsApp is not showing anything.. So the doubt? 
I just blocked Indian version of Hitler & Kim Jong-in  
Mom said:Choose your friends wisely,not to follow bad one. 
 Had some respect for him as the Prime Minister of India..but can't follow one who follows hatred..
My job is Done block world No 1 criminal  
Ravish Kumar SPEECH at Press Club Of India.Why PM followin people who support such murders  
I m gonna tweet more on this shit..Keep tweeting on  
: PM following Twitter trolls abusing Gauri Lankesh prompts hashtag in protest 
A must read tweet on how the MSM is trying 2create a frenzie & change the goal post 4m  to . 
 I m with it These r not ache din for india Just bull shit 
Say no to bigotry, bullying, prejudice n hatred 
UNESCO hasn't yet awarded the most blocked PM award to Modi? My WhatsApp ain't showing anything. Hence the doubt.
Narendra Modi became First Prime Minster of India who was blocked on  by the Citizens for following abusive troll 
 are you seriously endorsing this. Rest in peace, the thing called decency in politics.  
 trends as  users demand  PM to unfollow handles celebrating  murder
The worlds first prime minister who had been blocked by his own people
 doesn't seem to be a successful trend after seeing this report. 
 is trending on Twitter for all the right reasons -  
Public Life;friendcircles defines you,Digital Life; Likes and followings defines you.<Conduct certifiacte from socity> 
  Can't stop laughing! 
 is trending on Twitter for all the right reasons 
I don't like to hear joomla. 
 very good trend here. Block him Block him Block him.................... for next 20yrs as PM of India.
  bold step for justice.
UNESCO has just declared PM  as the most blocked person by the most no. of people  
  A good initiative..
 you never care for Tamil Nadu. Are we foreigners? .
